ttl: updated ttl `TTL_JOB_INTERVAL` description (#19566)
pingcap/docs: time-to-live.md

## TTL job

For each table with a TTL attribute, TiDB internally schedules a background job to clean up expired data. You can customize the execution period of these jobs by setting the `TTL_JOB_INTERVAL` attribute for the table. The following example sets the background cleanup jobs for the table `orders` to run once every 48 hours:

```sql
ALTER TABLE orders TTL_JOB_INTERVAL = '48h';
```

> `TTL_JOB_INTERVAL` is set to `24h` by default. The default value is `1h` in v8.5 and earlier versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TTL_JOB_INTERVAL` is set to `24h` by default. In v8.5 and earlier versions, the default value is `1h`.
```

> When executing a TTL job, TiDB splits the table into tasks, with the Region as the smallest unit. These tasks are executed distributedly. Typically, a single table can have up to 64 tasks. However, in larger clusters with more than 64 TiKV instances, the maximum number of tasks for a single table is equal to the number of TiKV instances. Note that not all TTL jobs for every type of table can be split into tasks. For more details on which table types are exceptions, see [Limitations](#limitations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executing a TTL job, TiDB splits the table into tasks, with the Region as the smallest unit. These tasks are executed distributedly. Typically, a single table can have up to 64 tasks. However, in larger clusters with more than 64 TiKV instances, the maximum number of tasks for a single table is equal to the number of TiKV instances. Note that not the TTL jobs of all types of tables can be split into tasks. For more details on which table types are exceptions, see [Limitations](#limitations).
```

> When executing a TTL job, TiDB will split the table into a number of tasks, with the Region being the smallest unit. These tasks will be executed distributedly. Typically, the maximum number of tasks for a single table is 64. But for larger clusters, such as those with more than 64 TiKV instances, the maximum number of tasks that a single table can be split into is equal to the number of TiKV instances. However, not all TTL jobs for all kinds of tables can be split into tasks. For more details on which kinds of tables' TTL jobs cannot be split into tasks, see [Limitations](#limitations).
> 
> TiDB also limits the number of concurrent TTL tasks at the cluster level. You can set the system variable [`tidb_ttl_running_tasks`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ttl_running_tasks-new-in-v700) to change this concurrency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When executing a TTL job, TiDB splits the table into tasks, with the Region as the smallest unit. These tasks are executed distributedly. Typically, a single table can have up to 64 tasks. However, in larger clusters with more than 64 TiKV instances, the maximum number of tasks for a single table is equal to the number of TiKV instances. Note that not all TTL jobs for every type of table can be split into tasks. For more details on which table types are exceptions, see [Limitations](#limitations).

TiDB also limits the number of concurrent TTL tasks at the cluster level. You can adjust this concurrency by setting the system variable [`tidb_ttl_running_tasks`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ttl_running_tasks-new-in-v700).
```
